MOST PRESSING
----------
* introduction: include better text for precession, e.g.,:

  For the Kepler CBPs, photodynamical modeling for Kepler 413 (Kostov+ 2014) and
  Kepler 453 (Welsh+ 2015) found that the planetary orbits precessed, and so the
  transit times and durations changed. The precession there is driven by the
  quadrupole of the inner binary.

  There have also been measurements of precession in single-star systems due to a
  rapidly spinning host star. The duration variations in Kepler-13 are due to
  variations in the orbital inclination (Szabo+ 2012, 2014, Masuda+ 2015). Same
  story in PTFO 8-8695 (Barnes+ 2013).

  Finally, photodynamical modeling of various Kepler systems has turned up
  various instances of precessing orbits. The two clearest cases are systems of
  two giant planets, on mutually inclined orbits: Kepler-108 (Mills & Fabrycky
  2016) and Kepler-693 (Masuda 2017) show this effect. Precession of the inner
  one is observed through both timing and duration variations.

  None of these are hot Jupiters, on slightly eccentric orbits, precessing
  because of the quadrupole from the planet's tidal bulge. So while the claim
  isn't technically wrong, it's wrong enough that I'll reword it ;-)

* maybe include a mention of "slow Kozai" (Petrovich 2015)

Winn comments:

X In the abstract, why not mention an additional planet as a possible
  explanation?

  X is it not a "sub-explanation" for apsidal precession? Unless you mean
  the direct gravitational forcing?

X Fig. 3 Again the individual TESS points are not helpful. Here, plot the
  binned point only.  Omit “best” from legend labels.
  
  X I respectfully disgaree -- we're using all the TESS times in the fit, so we
    should put them on the plot, I think!

X “We correspondingly added 69.184 seconds…” The error is systematic, not
statistical.  I don’t think it makes sense to treat it as a two-sided error to
be added in quadrature. 

  X so do we just omit the time? I've updated the "method" to just add the
  uncertainty, and have added a sentence to indicate that we know this is a bad
  thing, but that there isn't a clearly better way to do it. (Except asking the
  authors what the time standard is).


* make a phase folded and binned, high-SNR light curve. Check for any
  persistent glitches or asymmetry.

  - The single-transit plots are probably more informative, TBH.

* Why not fit for a/R and inclination?  Taking them from an external source
  seems chancy.  I had recommended finding a lightcurve solution using all the
  TESS data, and then fitting individual transits after fixing all parameters
  except the midpoint and the linear function.

* seek out and destroy examples of weird syntax!

- Is it clearly documented that the TESS time stamps represent ‘mid exposure’
  times, i.e., the one-minute mark, for the 2-minute summed images?

  - as clear as possible. but a double-check from Jon or Ed has been requested.

- For estimating the photometric uncertainties, it is probably better to use
  out-of-transit data, rather than residuals of the in-transit data.  The
  general principle is to avoid too much involvement with a theoretical model.
  The in-transit data may be affected by starspots or other failures of the
  model.

  - changed to using OOT points.

- Fitting a segment spanning 20 transit durations seems excessive. Is a linear
  model really good enough to describe the variation over such a long interval
  of time?

  - the residuals looked fine by eye. I have changed this to +/- 5 transit
    durations.  (I had actually already done this in the code, but forgot to
    update the paper).

- The longitude of periastron is not well defined for e=0.  Do you mean “time
  of conjunction” or “longitude at a particular reference time”?

  - I meant a number that was needed to initialize code but otherwise had no
    useful meaning.

- On page 4, you compare the MAD (presumably median absolute deviation) with
  various expectations.  Are the expected values expressed as an rms value?  If
  so, then a correction is needed, because the MAD and rms are generally not the
  same.  For a Gaussian distribution, the rms is about 1.5 times the MAD.

  - The expected values are expressed as an RMS. So I was comparing apples to
    oranges. I've now taken to measuring the RMS, not the MAD, and have updated
    the text accordingly.

- Also, explain where 69.184 comes from.
  - done

- Fig. 1 [hour] —> [hours]

- In Fig. 2, the black TESS points are crammed together too closely.  Include a
second panel with just the TESS times.  Or, have the figure reach across two
columns, and use an inset panel to show the TESS data?

- In the legend: “literature prediction” —> “pre-TESS ephemeris”.

- I don’t like separating the points into “top half” and “bottom half”
  according to uncertainty. This implies a sharp division when in fact there
  is no sharp division. Can you plot all the data points in the same style, but
  somewhat transparent, so you can see them all?  Or use opacity to encode
  precision?

  - this problem is fucking intractable. sent JNW options for comments. IDGAF.

- “The TESS observations arrived early.”  One example of many with strange
syntax.  Better: “The transits observed by TESS occurred earlier than
expected.”

* Another test you might try (or that a referee may suggest) is to refit after
omitting a single data point.  Repeat for all possible choices of data point.
Treat the TESS data as a single data point.  Besides the TESS datum, are there
others that are individually crucial for the conclusion that the period is not
constant?

Sec. 4.1 first paragraph - significance of ‘convective zones’ will not be clear
to the reader.

Are you sure that HD 209458 and HD 189733 are the only cases of hot Jupiters
for which we have bounded ecosw at the level 10^-3?  There are so many hot
Jupiters for which occultations have been observed with Spitzer.

What do you think of trying your hand at a mass/period exclusion diagram, based
on the existing RV data?  There are probably many ways to do so.  One would be:
Remove the WASP-4 signal.  Then for each trial period and phase, fit and remove
a linear trend.  Then fit a sinusoid of the given period and phase, and
increase the amplitude of a sinusoid until \Delta\chi^2 exceeds (say) 9.
Record the amplitude.  Repeat for a grid of periods and phases.  Plot the
maximum amplitude as a function of period - hopefully there will be a well
defined envelope.




* Jean-Michel spitzer times.
  * include his times
  * re-run full analysis. (ensure stellar parameters are good in code too).

* Kane/Tansu: working out the O-C RV residuals for the Pdot model
  * Tansu: ditto.

* do we want "media coverage", thru the media office?

RELATED READING
----------

* Verbunt and Phinney ~1995

* Zhan 1978 -- relative rates of tidal dissipation around evolved stars vs
  not-evolved stars.  Explains why more evolved stars -> more dissipation.


ONCE PAPER IS SUBMITTED
----------
* notify Erin May of the result, ask if they would be willing to share

* we should maybe get some HIRES RV observations, to extend the linear trend
  pointed out by Knutson et al 2014. i don't think new ones have been taken in
  a while.  (a planet should be there...)

  * ... is WASP-4 up soon from Hawaii?

* schedule in further ground-based follow-up next season.
  * get some magellan time to observe an occultation / transit?

PUBLISHING
----------

* inform architects (tess-architects@mit.edu) and contributors,
  including a draft, asking for response within three business days,
  with the statement:

  "I have read the paper “Title”, and I agree with the methods and
  conclusions. I wish to be included as a co-author." 

* step 4: once complete draft is ready, post draft to TESS wiki
  contributed paper page.
