===================================================
Reviewer's Comments:

This paper presents a reanalysis of transit times for the WASP-4 system,
including additional transits and radial velocity (RV) data to ascertain the
presence of a linear trend. The subsequent analysis demonstrates that the
observed timing variations are likely the result of the presence of an
additional companion that produces a time derivative in the observations.
Although this is a known effect of the "Doppler effect", this has not been
demonstrated for WASP-4b nor the numerous other hot Jupiters that are described
in the analysis, and the results highlight the need to include such effects in
similar analyses. Furthermore, the paper, including the associated figures, is
very clear and extremely well written. As such, I have no hesitation in
recommending publication and have relatively minor comments for the authors to
help improve the manuscript, detailed below.

Section 2.1

Paragraph 2. It would be helpful if the authors briefly describe the exact
meaning of "high quality" in the context of the transit times used in the
analysis.

Section 3.1

In this section it is stated that the assumption of "a Gaussian likelihood and
sampling over the posterior probability distributions" is made. This assumption
needs further justification given the variety of data sources included. In
particular, it is later stated in Section 3.1 that the cause of the high
reduced chi2 values "must be some additional signal or noise". Alternatively,
it could indeed mean that the Gaussian likelihood assumption is not completely
valid.

Section 3.3

The discussion and figure in this section are very good. However, it is not
sufficiently demonstrated that a stellar companion is ruled out when
considering the possible angular separations of the companion resulting from
being near inferior or superior conjunction. This is particularly important for
this system since even a small degree of coplanarity of the companion with
WASP-4b would result in an edge on orbit that makes the companion difficult to
detect when near conjunction locations. Also, the very last sentence of this
section "Figure 4 shows the result." should describe the results of the figure
in more detail.

Section 4.1

Paragraph 1. The paragraph implies that the Doppler effect is the sole cause of
the timing derivative. However, and given the 2 sigma discrepancy, the wording
should allow for the possibility that the timing derivative is actually a
result of a combination of the described effects.

Section 4.2

Paragraph 3. "hot Jupiters is expected" should be "hot Jupiters are expected".
